Policies docs (#2848)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/Admin.md

* De/activate user
* De/admin user
* Assign roles to users
* Configure access policies

![](../imgs/admin-users-roles.png)

You may invite new users to your Quilt stack by clicking the + button, upper right.

You must select the default role for all new users, else they will not be able
to sign in to the Quilt catalog. The default role is shown in bold.

> ![](../imgs/admin-set-default-role.png)

Reviewer: I believe this URI has changed per my last docs update (just merged)

You may create roles for different groups of users by combining up to 5 policies.

> With the exception of administrators, users of managed roles are only aware
> of the buckets that they are permitted to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the exception of administrators, users of managed roles can only see, list, and
search buckets for which they are explicitly granted read access.
```

> All other stack buckets are invisible to users of managed roles.

Reviewer: Can eliminate this line, it's now redundant.
